Fix robot window message (#4336)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2022.md

    - Added a share button to upload scenes and animations to [webots.cloud](https://webots.cloud) ([#3971](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/3971)).
    - Added Wizard for the creation of PROTO files ([#4104](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4104)).
    - Added two new Robot API functions, `wb_robot_step_begin` and `wb_robot_step_end`, to optimize computer intensive controllers ([#4107](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4107)).

>     - Change the behavior of `wb_robot_wwi_receive_text` to iterate through the received messages buffer ([#4336](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4336)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Changed the behavior of `wb_robot_wwi_receive_text` to iterate through the received messages buffer ([#4336](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4336)).
```

>     - Added the `wwiReceiveStrings` API function in Python that return a list of all messages waiting in the received buffer ([#4336](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4336)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added the `wwiReceiveStrings` API function in Python that returns a list of all messages waiting in the reception buffer ([#4336](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/4336)).
```
